[SHY] It's been a few days
since everything
happened at school.
But today's a day off.
Um, Shrimpy?
Are you sure
that I don't look weird?
[SHRIMPY]
You look perfectly fine.
You-- You can't keep poking
your head out like that!
If anyone sees you, they'll
find out that I'm Shy!
[SHRIMPY]
Unbelievable.
I'm only here because
you asked me to come along.
I know but,
it's just been such a long time
since I even went out
with a friend, you know?
[sighs]
[IKO]
Momijiyama!
I'm here!
Hey! Sorry to keep you!
No. I just got here myself.
Really? Oh! That's good, then!
You must be the Shrimpy
I've heard about!
Nice to meet 'cha!
-[SHRIMPY] You as well.
-[scoffs]
Hmm?
Uh, Koishikawa,
are you sure you're okay to be
walking around on your leg?
Yeah!
I'm totally pain free!
It doesn't hurt anymore!
I got checked out
at the doctor,
and they told me
I'm fit as a fiddle!
[IKO] Though they did say
that it was strange
that it had healed already!
[laughs]
[SHY]
According to Shrimpy.
Koishikawa's leg
might've been healed
as a side effect of that ring
that was put onto her finger.
But the situation
is still being investigated.
-[IKO] Momijiyama!
-Huh?
[gasps]
Let's go! Today,
I'm thanking you, my way!
By the way!
That outfit is
so super cute on you!
Hah?
[SHY]
Thank you very much!
♪
[IKO]
Man, this is awesome!
It's been forever
since I've been able
to walk around so much!
I almost forgot
how fun going out is.
Having a good time?
Oh. Yeah.
Loads of fun.
Momijiyama?
-Hey, are you okay?
-I'm good! Just--.
[SHRIMPY] Teru tends
to get rather drained
when she does activities
like this
for long periods of time.
Wait! For real?
I'm not super outdoorsy.
You could say
I'm kind of an introvert.
Oh! I had no idea!
I apologize! Let's find
somewhere to rest.
[SHY]
I'm so sorry.
[IKO] Today was supposed
to be about thanking you.
I didn't know you weren't one
for excursions like this.
I feel bad.
I ruined the day
you had planned.
I-I'm just
not used to going out.
It's my fault.
I really messed everything up,
huh?
[gasps]
Oh no!
I'm making Koishikawa feel bad
because I'm such an
extreme introvert!
Maybe I can save this
if I can make her laugh!
Do-Do you remember
the other day back at school
in the nurse's office
when it was totally destroyed?
And you remember
when I was all like
"there was a bear!"
[laughs]
Wasn't that funny?
Oh yeah, that. The office.
I totally trashed the place.
Because of me there was
an alert throughout the city
for an imaginary bear.
Oh no! That's not
what I was getting at.
Why am I trying to crack jokes
when I'm so bad at talking?
I should just keep
my big mouth shut!
I wish I could just disappear
and become one with the wind!
You really are amazing,
Momijiyama.
We're the same age.
But you've already faced
so much all on your own.
Like the other day.
I really look up to you.
I mean that.
No. I'm not someone to admire.
[IKO]
I was wondering,
is there anybody else who
knows that you're really
the hero Shy?
No. I haven't told anyone.
It's pretty much just you
and the other heroes.
Huh?
Not even your parents know?
I mean, I don't want them
to know I'm running around
in an outfit like that.
It's so embarrassing.
What? Really?
But you look so cool in it!
I see, then.
So that would make me.
The one friend
who knows Shy's identity!
Isn't that right?
I can't believe it!
That's so cool!
Hey, um, Koishikawa?
Oh, sorry, got carried away!
[kid crying]
Is he okay?
Hey, bud. What's goin' on?
What happened?
I got lost and now I can't find
my mom and dad!
[IKO] Ah.
That happens all the time.
Is that really true?
You bet'cha!
This here is called
pattern twenty-seven!
The key to solving this--
is your Zweihander!
His Zweihander?
How'll my Zweihander help?
What's a Zweihander?
This is a Zweihander!
Shrimpy?
Right, hero!
Let's journey
to find your parents!
-Right!
-Zweihan?
Sorry about this.
We've gotta take a detour.
Oh, sure.
Lemme know when you
see 'em, all right, hero?
Right! I will!
You really have a way
with kids, Koishikawa,
it's very impressive.
Hmm?
Think so?
Maybe it's 'cause
I take care of my brother.
Oh, that's right!
He was telling me that
you also rescued him
at the T-1 Hotel!
Thanks for that, Momijiyama!
That just goes to show
how amazing heroes are!
I was just doing my job,
that's all.
Huh, I wonder where our
little adventurer's parents are.
Right there!
Mommy!
-Oh.
-Huh.
[FATHER] Where were you?
We were so worried!
Well, that went faster
than expected.
So, you ready?
Let's get goin'!
Sure!
Hey, quest giver!
Thanks for being so nice to me.
Oh my! You're a considerate one
if you came back to say
"thank you" properly.
Well, in that case,
I've got a very important
mission for you!
Whether it's your mom and dad,
or it's somebody else.
Make sure
you're kind to them, too.
Can you do that for me?
[grins]
Yeah!
♪
[SHY]
Koishikawa,
I've been thinking about this
for a while, but--
Aw man, Momijiyama.
I did it!
I repeated something Shy
said in front of Shy!
Oh!
I'm so embarrassed right now!
It just really felt right
to tell him
that in the moment, so I, uh--
[SHY]
I feel the same way.
You said that you admired me.
But you didn't hesitate
to help that boy.
You just did it!
So, I guess what I'm saying is.
I really admire you, too.
Heroes and regular people
are the same.
If you act with kindness,
it doesn't matter who you are.
Watching you
made me realize that.
Oh! Sorry!
I'm being weird again.
Jeez, I've been talking
a lot today, huh?
[smiles]
Let's get goin'!
There's still tons of fun
to be had!
Oh, Sure. Let's go!
Uh. Look, Momijiyama.
It's a poster of Stardust.
Have you ever met him?
He seems kinda cool.
No. I haven't yet.
Both a rockstar and a hero.
He's also the only hero
to reveal his real identity
to the public!
He's donated over five billion
dollars to charity,
set up international
relief groups,
and his music makes
so many people happy!
The guy has indirectly
saved more people
than any other hero so far!
You sure know a lot about him.
Oh, no. I just read that
in some book.
But a guy who goes out of
his way to do all that
has gotta be a super kind
and caring person.
[SHY]
Yeah, probably.
-Huh?
-[SHRIMPY] Teru,
you've got a call from Spirit.
Huh?
[SPIRIT]
Hey there, Teru!
It's Spirit here!
Calling from Russia with love!
-What's up?
-Oh, um...
I got a call from another hero.
[SPIRIT] You're being
summoned by Unilord.
And please bring your friend
along with you.
What?
[SPIRIT] Head to the spaceship
that we visited before.
I'll meet you there!
I'm guessing
it's hero business?
Seems like
we're being summoned.
They want us both
to go to outer space.
Say what?
[SPIRIT] Oh, and I guess
I should mention.
That Stardust will be
joining us this time as well!
Sta- Stardust, too?
Uh. Um. What's he like exactly?
I've never met him.
[SPIRIT] There's that classic
shyness of yours!
You'll be just fine!
All-right.
Well, he's a smooth talker,
and is pretty darn confident,
too.
He's super decisive,
and charismatic.
He's charming,
has a gorgeous singing voice
and is a real smooth talker.
[SHY]
Um, are you drunk?
Huh. You know,
now that I think about it.
He's like a psychopath.
[MALE DIRECTOR 3A]
And cut!
Wow!
I'd say this latest album
is your best yet!
We're making some real magic
with this music video!
[ STARDUST]
Do you think?
I hope we've found
the right flow.
How 'bout drinks?
Well, as much as
I would love to, I can't.
I'm sorry.
The flow of my night
has been decided by another.
[SHY]
Shy!
Hey there! Good to see you!
It's Spirit!
He-Hello there!
[SPIRIT] We've been seeing
each other a lot lately!
This is Iko Koishikawa.
I-I'm Koishikawa.
Nice to meet you.
Aw! You're such a cutie pie!
Nice to meet you!
So um,
why am I being summoned up?
Teru,
you managed to retrieve
the black ring, did you not?
If I'm being honest, that
was the first time anyone
has collected one
in its complete form.
You did an absolutely
marvelous job, Teru!
That ring.
Um, about that, actually.
There was this boy and--.
Well, there's still
a lot I don't understand.
Mm-hmm?
I bet!
But anyway,
let's go!
Space base awaits!
Shrimpy, please stay here
and keep watch.
Roger!
I'll contact you
if something happens.
Can you answer me?
Huh!
That's the Earth!
Mo-Momijiyama!
We can see the Earth!
Oh, yeah!
It's pretty, isn't it?
Come on, you two!
This way!
Unilord is going to fill you
in on the details,
but that strange boy you met,
we call him "Stigma".
And the thing is,
he's been seen before.
All over the world.
All over the world?
What could he
possibly want, Pepesha?
Apparently, his goal
is to free people's hearts.
But there's no way we can
confirm if that's true.
Free their hearts?
He's become the number one
priority for all us heroes.
Whichever way you slice it,
he's a huge problem.
Well, here we are!
Knock, knock!
We're here!
How strange!
Where's Eunnie?
Oh?
Three of our guests are here.
-Here.
-Ready.
Oh, wow.
So many Shrimpys!
Did Unilord cook for us?
There we go.
Are you making borscht?
I've been quite into soups
these days.
Momijiyama, who is that?
Oh. She oversees the--
[UNILORD]
Pardon my late introduction.
Nice to meet you.
I am Unilord.
I am in charge of supervising
all our heroes.
That's a lot of work.
The ordeal you faced must
have been terrifying for you.
Know that all us heroes
feel quite responsible.
As you are Shy's friend
we think it would be
appropriate for you to be
aware of the danger
the world is facing,
and what we heroes
must be prepared to do.
Please, sit down.
We can talk while we eat.
I'm quite proud of this soup.
-Please, sit.
Whoo-hoo!
Let's dig in!
Oh, wow!
This is really good borscht!
Is there soy sauce
in this recipe?
Oh, you noticed?
I find it adds depth.
-Yeah, it does!
-Um!
Can--
Can I take some photos?
-[BOTH] Huh?
-Miss Iko,
this is a top-secret facility
so I cannot allow
photos to be taken.
-Uh.
-If you wish to take photos.
I ask that you use
our photo booth.
-Heck yeah!
-That's a thing?
-Say cheese.
-Yay!
This is so cool!
My brother's gonna be
so jealous
when I show him!
So are you, um, are you
a big fan of heroes?
[IKO]
Do you think it's weird?
Especially 'cause
I'm in middle school.
No! I mean.
I'm the weird one here.
All dressed up
in this dorky outfit.
No, that's not
what I meant by that at all.
It's just that--
Aah! Huh!
-Careful now.
-Hmm?
Huh?
Stardust! Hi!
It's-- It's really him.
[UNILORD] Well,
it seems everyone is assembled.
All right. Why did you call us?
[UNILORD] I hear Stigma
has appeared in Japan.
Fortunately for us,
Shy was able
to retrieve the ring.
Huh.
And it's in one piece, too.
How'd you pull that off?
Uh? Well,
that ring brings out
what's in a heart, doesn't it?
So, I tried to understand
Koishikawa's heart,
and when I did I was able
to take it right off of her.
That's who she is.
I was wondering why
there was a civilian here.
[IKO] Um, what exactly is that
weird ring thing anyway?
And what did it do to me?
You see, it uses a person's
heart as an energy source
and converts it
into a crystal form.
Which gives the wearer
immense power.
It can use a heart for energy?
But how is that possible?
[UNILORD] The heart holds
immeasurable power.
It is far greater than an
ordinary person could imagine.
Even our own rings,
the Heart-shift bracelets
also use a person's heart
as an energy source.
The difference is,
his ring forces its way
into the heart of the wearer
and draws out
their inner darkness.
It was created from malice,
rather than the desire
to protect.
Stigma was seen for
the first time in my country
just about a year ago.
I saw the kid myself.
On that day,
he took advantage of my friend
and used him
to cause mass destruction.
So, do you mean that
he put one of those rings
on your friend?
[STARDUST]
Correct.
Same as what happened to you,
Shy.
May I ask,
how did you deal with it
when it happened?
Hmm?
I cut it off.
You, what?
You mean the ring, right?
[STARDUST]
No.
Finger.
It appears you still have
all your fingers.
You got lucky, Koishikawa.
Stop it.
You're scaring them.
They're just kids, remember?
[chuckles]
I get a civilian being scared.
But Shy's a hero.
I understand now
why I was summoned.
What are you getting at?
Well, then. Let's get to point,
shall we?
What is it that
you want from me, Unilord?
Hmm?
You, Stardust,
are a rare kind of human.
One who can take
ruthless action
for both yourself,
and the world.
That is why I need your help.
I would like for you
to fight Shy.
-Huh?
-What?
Unilord!
What is the meaning of this?
[UNILORD]
At this time,
if Stigma were to appear
before her again,
it is unlikely
that she would survive.
Then let me fight
Teru instead, and--
-That won't work.
-Huh?
You are too attached
to fight her for real.
It would negate
the entire point.
You don't have it in you
to fight her.
Perhaps she reminds you
of somebody else you know.
Stardust, look. You don't have.
-Pepesha!
-Huh?
I-I'll give it a try.
But Teru.
I've been worried about it
myself.
As I am,
can you really even call me
a hero?
I know
that I'm not very strong.
That's why.
I wanna be stronger!
That way.
I'll be able to save everyone
and leave no one behind!
Momijiyama.
-[STARDUST] Impressive.
-Huh?
Said like a real hero. Tell me.
Are you prepared, then?
To give up on being a hero
if you lose?
What? That's ridiculous!
-You can't just--
-Okay, I'll do it.
I'll do my best. I'll beat you!
[exhales]
It's huge!
[FN] Multipurpose
Room Section 3 in Space HQ
Teru, will you be okay?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
I mean, I am a hero!
Teru.
[STARDUST]
Shy! It's time to start.
I know I said I could win
but I'm scared!
Let's review the rules,
shall we?
The heart-shift bracelets
that we wear,
are directly
connected to our hearts.
If your heart and mind
are strong,
you'll be granted the strength
that you ask for.
But if you doubt yourself
for even a moment,
your transformation
will revert.
That means,
whoever's transformation
reverts first loses.
which will put you
at a severe disadvantage.
So, Shy,
if you manage to hit my face
even once in battle,
we'll name you the victor.
Okay, that makes sense.
I don't get it.
Why are you making them
fight like this?
What's the point of it?
Shy has little to no
combat experience to speak of.
However, Stardust
is incredibly experienced
with using his heart.
If she cannot overcome an enemy
more powerful than her,
even in a space such as this.
Then her future as a hero
will be filled
with much hardship.
[whimpering]
I can't stop shaking.
I've never fought
another hero before.
[SPIRIT]
Unilord.
If things become too dangerous,
then I'm go--
[STARDUST]
No, you won't!
Until this fight is over,
you do not interfere,
no matter what happens.
If you step in to help her,
she loses
and can no longer be a hero.
Shy!
When this coin hits the floor,
that's when our fight begins.
Got it?
Yes.
Momijiyama!
Don't push yourself!
Hmm.
Let's go!